Actual Exam 96%

A Team has just adopted the SAFe Imlementation Roadmap and is in the process of training executives, managers, and leader. What is their next step?
	Create the Implementation Plan
X	Identify Value Streams and Agile Release Trains
	Train Lean-Agile Change Agents
	Extend to the Portfolio


What is the difference between a PI Roadmap and a Solution Roadmap?
	They are different names for the same thing
X	A PI Roadmap is for the nearer term planning and Solution Roadmap is for longer term planning
	A PI Roadmap is a SAFe term and a Solution Roadmap is not
	A Solution Roadmap is for a nearer term planning and a PI Roadmap is for longer  term planning
	
	
What are stretch objectives?
X	Objectives that are planned in the capacity but not commited
	Objectives that are commited for the PI
	Objectives that are not planned n the capacity but will be pulled if there is time later in the PI 
	Objectives that do not require business value assignment by Business Owners
	
	
At the end of PI Planning after dependencies are resolved and risks are addressed, a confidence vote is taken. What is the default method used to vote?
	Planning Poker
	Thumbs up or down
	Majority Boting 
X	Fist of Five


Who facilitates Soution Train Events?
	Agile PMO
	Solution Management
	Release Train Engineer
X	Solution Train Engineer


What are the top two reasons for adopting Agile in an organization? (Choose two)
X	Enable changing priorities
	Reduce Changes
X	Accelerate product delivery
	Centralize decision making
	Reduce project cost
	

What statement is true about Lean Portfolio Management (LPM) and budgeting?
	LPM cannot make any budget changes to the Portfolio
	LPM budgets projects and not value streams
X	LPM empowers stakeholders to adapt the current backlog and roadmap context 
	LPM can change allocations to value streams only every two years


What is part of the role of the Scrum Master?
	To priortize the Team Backlog
	To facilitate Scrum of Scrums
	To write User Stories
X	To coach the Agile Team


What is one key pupose of DevOps?
	DevOps joins development and operations to enable continous delivery
	DevOps focuses on automating the delivery pipeline to reduce transaction cost
	DevOps focuses on a set of practices applied to large systems
X	DevOps enables continous release by building a scalable Continuos Delivery Pipeline


Which two types of decisions should remain centralized even in a decentralized decision-making environment? (Choose two)
	Time critical Decisions
X	Decisions with significant economies of scale
	Decisions that require local information
X	Infrequent decisions
	Frequent Decisions

	
Which SAFe Principle includes providing autonomy with purpose, mission, and minimum constraints?
X	Unlock the intrinsic motivation of knowledge workers
	Build projects around motivated individuals
	Take an economic view
	Base milestones on an objective evaluation of working systems
	
	
If small batches go through the system faster with lower variability, then which statement is true about batch size?
	Good infrastructure enagles large batches
	Batch sizes cannot influence behavior 
X	Severe project slippage is the most likely result of large batches
	Low utilzation increases variability
	
	

Which statement is a principle from the Agile Manifesto?
	Limit work in process
	Respect for people and culture
	Build incrementally with fast, integrated learning cycles
X	Working software is the primary measure of progress


What is the best measure of progress for complex system development?
	Inspect and Adapt
X	System Demo
	Prioritized Backlog
	Iteration Review
	

Which role serves as the Servant Leader for the Agile Release Train?
	System Team
	Product Management
X	Release Train Engineer
	System Architect
	
	
Who is responsible for managing the Portfolio Kanban?
X	Epic Owners
	System Team
	Lean Portfolio Management
	Solution Management
	
When are planning adjustments communicated back to the Agile Release Train after the management review?
	At the end of day one
	During the draft plan review
	During breakout sessions
X	At the beginning of day two
	
	

What is the primary focus of Lean Portfolio Management?
	Remove Program impediments
	Lead Solution management
X	Align Lean-Agile development with business strategy
	Hold PI Planning 
	

Stategic Themes are different business objectives which help guide Solutions. Where are Stategic Themes found in the SAFe Big Picture?
X	Portfolio Level
	Large Solution Level
	Team Level
	Program Level
	
	
Which of the core competencies of the Lean enterprise helps align strategy and execution?
X	Lean Portfolio Management
	DevOps and Release on Demand
	Business Solutions and Lean Systems Engineering
	Team and Technical Agility
	
	
Which two are part of the Scaled Agile Framework Core Values? (Choose two)
	Decentalize decision-making
	Systems Thinking
X	Built-In Quality
	Collaboration
X	Alignment


When should new approaches be anchored in an organization's culture?
	Culture should not be changed because SAFe respecs current culture
X	Culture change comes last as a results of changing work habits
	When starting a SAFe implementation
	Right after a seense of urgency is created in the organization
	

Why is it important to decouple deployment from release?
X	To enable releasing upon demand
	To deploy only on a cadence
	To enable deploying upon demand 
	To releaseonly on a cadence
	

The analyzing step of the Portfolio Kanban system has a new Epic witha completed Lean business case. What best describes the next step for the Epic?
	It will be implemented if it has the highest Weighted Shortest Job First Ranking
	It will be implemented once the Lean Business case is approved by the Epic Owner
	It will remain in the analyzingstep until one or more Agile Release Trains have the capacity to implement it
X	It will be moved to the Portfolio Backlogif it receives a "Go" decision from Lean Portfolio Management


Why do Business Owners assign business value to Teams' PI Objectives?
	To ensure the teams do not work on architectural enablers
	To determine the highest value using WSJF
X	To provide the teams with guidance of value to the business
	To override the decisions made in WSJF priortization 
	

What are two items that appear on the program board? (Choose two)
X	Features
	Stories
	Risks
	Epics
X	Significant dependencies


What is one guardrail on Lean budget spend?
X	Capacity allocations
	Centralized decision making
	Customer partipation in PI Planning
	Lean Portfolio metrics 
	
	
What is this statment defining: "A series of activities that have proven to be effective in successfully implementing SAFe"
	The Scaled Agile Framework
X	The SAFe Imlementation Roadmap
	The SAFe Lean-Agile Principles
	An Agile Release Train
	
	
What does the Continous Delivery Pipeline enable?
X	Continous learning cycles
	Increased technical debt
	Continous refactoring
	Ongoing development of Team objectives
	

What is an attribute of an application built with DevOps in mind?
	It ensures continous integration with manual deployment
X	It overlays measurments with events (deployments, releases)
	It has a long manual testing processes
	It includes mainly legacy code 

	
Optimizing flow means identifying what?
	Activites that lack innovation
	Delays
X	Key Performance Indicators
	Predictability Issues of the train 
	

SAFe's first Lean-Agile Principle includes "Deliver early and often" and what else?
	Apply cadence 
	Apply systes thinking
X	Deliver value incrementally
	Decentalize decision-making
	

Weighted Shortest Job First gives preference to jobs with which two characteristics? (Choose two)
X	Shorter Duration
X	Higer Cost of Delay
	Longer duration
	Fixed date
	Revenue impact
	
	
What is an example of applying cadence and synchronization in SAFe?
	Allocating budgets to Agile Release Trains
	Creating cross-functional teams
X	Conducting a PI Planning Meeting
	Using a Portfolio Kanban System
	
	
During the final plan review, Program risks are adressed using ROAM. What do the letters in ROAM represent?
	Relegated, Owned, Approved, Managed
	Managed, Resolved, Ordered, Accepted
X	Owned, Mitigated, Resolved, Accepted
	Accepted, Redesigned, Ordered, Mitigated
	

During which event are the Team PI Objectives agreed upon?
	Pre-PI Planning
	Backlog Refinement
	Iteration Planning
X	PI Planning


How can trust be gained between the business and development?
	Automate the delivery pipeline
	Maintain iterations as a safe zone for the teams
X	Deliver predictability 
	Release new value to production every day
	 
	
Which statement is true about Program events?
	The Inspect and Adapt is the only Program event to create a closed loop system
	The Daily Stand-up is a Program event that requires the Scrum of Scrums and Program Owner Sync involvement in the closed loop system
X	Team events run inside the Program events, and the Program events create a closed loop system
	Program events run inside the Team events, and the team events create a closed loop system
	

What is another name for technical or functional spikes needed to uncover knowledge or reduce risk in the next PI?
	Epic
	Architectural enablers
X	Exploration enablers
	Capability
	

Which statment is a value from the Agile Manifesto?
	Working software over following a plan
	Workng software over processes and tools 
X	Working software over comprehensive documentation
	Working software over contract negotiations

	
What is the roof of the SAFe House of Lean?
	Innovation
	Lean-Agile Leadership
X	Value
	Relentless Improvement
	

What are two ways to describe a cross-functional Agile team? (Choose two)
X	They are optimized for communication and delivery of value
	They are made up of members, each of whom can define, develop, test, and deploy the system
	They release customer products to production continously
X	They can define, build, and test a feature or component
	They deliver value every six weeks 

	
If a program repeatedly shows seperate features branches rather than a true System Demo, Which practice should be reviewed to address the issue?
	Roadmap Creation
	Scrum of Scrums
X	Continous Integration
	Test First 
	

What is the meaning of shift left?
X	Using test-first methods
	Putting WIP limits on the exploration (left) part of the Portfolio Kanban
	Exploring customer's needs before committing to work during PI planning
	Moving operations to sit on the train
	

What is one pillar of the SAFe House of Lean?
	Leadership
	Continous Delivery
X	Flow
	Value 
