What is one way a Scrum Master/Team Coach can help teams improve flow? L1-39
Work with team members to establish a team Kanban board

What is one organizing attribute that teams share with the other teams on their ART? L1-40
Synchronization to a common cadence

What is one Scrum value that can help Agile Teams create transparency? L1-24
Openness

What is a team's primary goal in an Iteration? L1-28
Delivering working functionality at the end of the Iteration

What is one Agile development value? L1-17
Customer collaboration over contract negotiation

What is one Scrum value that can help Agile Teams create transparency? L1-24
Respect

What is one example of an Agile Team development practice? L1-15
Demoing frequently

How can servant leaders encourage team member personal growth? L1-39
Pair team members for new or unique work

Which statement is true about the team backlog? L1-29
It's where the team refines possible Stories

What is one benefit of moving from waterfall to Agile delivery? L1-14
Deliver value to customers earlier

What is one SAFe Core Competency?
Agile Product Delivery

What is one example of an Agile Team development practice? L1-15
Timeboxing discussions

According to SAFe, what is one common characteristic of effective Scrum Masters/Team Coaches? L2-45
Conflict navigator

Team A releases new app features with customer feedback - which high-performing trait is shown? L2-18
Using regular feedback loops built into the learning cycle

Which of the following statements describes a servant leader? L2-11
Puts team growth first

What is one practice Scrum Masters/Team Coaches can use to facilitate conflict management? L2-47
Enforce working agreements

What is one responsibility of a Scrum Master/Team Coach? L2-6
Improving flow

In which team development stage do members prioritize collective work methods over individual goals? L2-19
Norming

What is one characteristic of high-performing teams? L2-18
Having fun with the work and with each other

What is one element on the Scrum Master/Team Coach responsibility wheel? L2-6
Facilitate PI Planning

What is one practice Scrum Masters/Team Coaches can use to run successful meetings? L2-26
Leave meetings with clear action items

What is one way a servant leader can support team members in decision-making? L2-12
Give each team member the opportunity to contribute

Team new workflow failed, yet the team was excited about the learnings. Which Agile trait does this show? L2-43
A safe environment for taking risks without fear of embarrassment

What is one trait of a servant leader? L2-12
Persuades rather than using authority

What is one example of Scrum Masters/Team Coaches helping without diminishing the commitment of others? L2-12
Facilitating necessary meetings for the team

What is one method a Scrum Master/Team Coach can use to help teams overcome a fear of conflict? L2-45
Aligning to shared commitments

What is one way a Scrum Master/Team Coach can help improve ART performance? L2-35
Facilitate cross-team collaboration

Per SAFe, what key Scrum Master trait is vital for team coaching acceptance? L2-12
Empathy

What is one example of effective Scrum Masters/Team Coaches thinking beyond the day-to-day? L2-12
Help the team prioritize improvement activities to ensure progress

What is one Scrum Master/Team Coach technique for guiding team members toward finding solutions together? L2-29
Asking powerful questions

What is one responsibility of a Scrum Master/Team Coach? L2-6
Supporting Iteration Execution

What is one way a Scrum Master/Team Coach can build a high-performing team? L2-18
Encourage team members to acquire T-shaped skills

What is one purpose of the Coach Sync? L2-38
To gain visibility into progress

What is the intended value of the Team Sync event? L2-23
The team aligns on the progress of Iteration Goals

During which event can Scrum Masters/Team Coaches escalate ART-level impediments? L2-38
Coach Sync

Which key problem is the foundation of team dysfunction? L2-42
Absence of trust

What is one question a Scrum Master/Team Coach must answer during PI Planning Coach Sync? L3-44
Have you identified any ART risks?

What is one benefit of PI Planning? L3-7
Allows for faster decision-making

According to SAFe, which of the following types of work should fit into one Iteration for one team? L3-14
Stories

What should Scrum Masters do to help teams prep for a PI Planning draft plan? L3-41
Identify risks and dependencies for management review.

What is one way uncommitted objectives help Agile Teams make a plan for the PI? L3-10
They maintain the predictability of achieving the objectives

Which of the following events aligns teams on a train? L3-6
PI Planning

Team B has differing ideas for a solution. Which high-performing team trait aids in reaching a consensus? L3-40
Healthy conflict

What is one purpose of acceptance criteria? L3-18
To identify how the Story can be validated
What is one element of the CALMR approach to DevOps? L4-57
How can a team manage a PI Objective with high uncertainty? L3-10
Move it to uncommitted objectives

What is one aspect of the Scrum Master/Team Coach role as it relates to PI Planning? L3-69
Briefing the team before planning

What is a common anti-pattern for teams trying to prepare their draft objectives at PI planning? L3-41
Too much time is spent analyzing each Story

Which of the following types of information is shared between the teams on an ART? L3-6
A common mission using a single backlog

According to SAFe, what is the method Scrum Masters/Team Coaches should use to visualize team delivery? L4-23
Burn-up chart

According to SAFe, what is the recommended first step of Iteration Planning? L4-6
Establish capacity

According to SAFe, how many Stories should teams maintain in their backlog? L4-32
2-3 Iterations of refined Stories

What is one anti-pattern that indicates a team is overcommitting to work? L4-14
Capacity and load are exactly the same

What is one issue that can occur without DevOps? L4-56
Challenges between Dev & Ops

Which SAFe event supports Agile Teams to measure the outcome of the Iteration? L4-38
The Iteration review

What is one element of the CALMR approach to DevOps? L4-57
Create a culture of shared responsibility

According to SAFe, what is one approach to retrospectives? L4-49
Ensure the event ends with actionable improvement items for the backlog

What is one goal of the Iteration Review? L4-38
To receive feedback on the increment

What is one Scrum Master/Team Coach anti-pattern during Iteration Retrospectives? L4-53
They focus only on what to improve and not what to preserve

What is one way Agile Teams can use an Iteration retrospective to build relentless improvement? L4-50
By writing improvement Stories

What is one way to manage the timebox for effective Team Syncs? L4-17
Detail-heavy topics? Schedule a post-Sync meet

What is one anti-pattern that emerges when teams do not spend enough time refining the backlog? L4-32
Teams enter new Iterations without enough Stories prepared

What is the intended value of the Backlog Refinement event? L4-30
The team is able to prepare requirements for Iteration Planning

During which of the following Agile Team events do team members estimate relative story sizes? L4-31
Backlog Refinement

What is one element of the CALMR approach to DevOps? L4-57
Lean flow accelerates delivery

According to SAFe, what is one output of a successful Iteration Retrospective? L4-50
Improvement Stories

What is one purpose of Iteration Goals? L4-11
To align team members to common objectives

How does the "C" in the CALMR approach to DevOps help teams manage tensions caused by differing needs? L4-57
By creating a culture of shared responsibility


What is one way to ensure a team is holding successful Iteration Reviews and demos? L4-39
The team demos working functionality

What is one way a Scrum Master/Team Coach can support Iteration Execution? L4-17
Facilitate team events

What is one potential root cause of Team Sync anti-patterns? L4-18
Lack of collective ownership

What is one recommended practice for Scrum Master when facilitating Iteration Review? L4-39
Begin to consider how and what to demo in Iteration Planning

According to SAFe, what is one Iteration Retrospective anti-pattern? L4-53
The team only brings up issues that are outside of their control to address

What is one benefit of holding regular system demos? L4-38
Deliverables are reviewed with stakeholders

How can teams use Iteration planning to stay aligned on their work? L4-6
By committing to a set of goals to be delivered

What is the first step of the problem-solving workshop? L5-15
Agree on the problem to solve

What is a benefit of using the IP Iteration as intended, the Scrum Master could explain to Team A L5-5
The team can participate in hackathons

Who are important attendees to the PI System Demo? L5-10
Business Owners

What is one benefit of having an IP Iteration every PI? L5-6
It creates a timeboxed opportunity for team growth

What is one anti-pattern of the Inspect and Adapt? L5-16
No actionable improvement Features are created

What could Team A lose by misusing the IP Iteration? L5-7
Individual team members could lose an opportunity to learn from one another

According to SAFe, which of the following metrics are reported at the Inspect and Adapt event? L5-13
ART predictability measure

What can a Scrum Master recommend to a team that is showing signs of burnout? L5-7
A constructive IP Iteration at the end of each PI

What is one benefit of having an IP Iteration every PI? L5-5
Time for innovation and continuing education

What is one intended outcome of the problem-solving workshop? L5-15
Create improvement backlog items as planned work

What are the three parts of an Inspect and Adapt event? L5-9
PI Demo, measurement, and problem-solving workshop

What might Team A miss by using the IP Iteration for ongoing work? L5-7
Managing ART risks and communication

What is one way the Scrum Master/Team Coach can support the Inspect and Adapt? L5-16
Provide team data

What benefit does using IP Iteration as planned offer? L5-6
The team can prepare for PI planning

What is one anti-pattern of the Inspect and Adapt? L5-16
Product Owners present all of the work in the PI System demo

Team A wants to use the IP Iteration as usual work. What's a benefit of using it as intended? L5-7
Time for infrastructure improvements




















